What are you talking about?
"February 23, 2024"       "Floor 35: Lost Forest"
You've got that lizard to heal you.
We shouldn't have to share
these heal crystals with you!
Well, you never fight
on the front lines!
And you still need crystals?
Of course I do...
I'm not a child idol
like you, Silica,
so it's not as if the
boys will heal me.
C-Come on, you two...
Fine!
I don't need any items.
I'm never going to
team up with you again!
There are plenty of other parties
that want me, you know!
H-Hey, Silica!
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"The Black Swordsman"
No healing items?!
Pina!
Pina... Pina!
Pina.
Pina...
Pina!
Pina... Pina!
Pina...
Don't leave me all alone.
Pina!
What's that feather?
It's Pina.
My dear...
You're a beast tamer?
I'm sorry...
I wasn't able to save your friend.
No...
...it was stupid of me.
For thinking that I could make it through the
forest on my own... for being so arrogant!
Thank you so much...
for saving me.
Does that feather happen
to have an item name?
"Pina's Heart"
Don't cry.
If Pina's Heart is still here,
there's a chance you can revive it.
Really?
On the south side of floor 47,
there's a field dungeon
called the Hill of Memories.
I've heard that the flower that blooms
at its top is an item for reviving familiars.
Floor 47...
If you cover my expenses,
I'd be glad to go for you...
But the familiar's master has to be there
or the flower won't bloom.
I'm very grateful just to
have the information!
If I work hard to raise my level,
then someday...
Pina can only be resurrected up to
three days after its death.
No way...
All because of me...
I'm so sorry, Pina.
Don't worry.
You have three days.
This equipment should be good
for a boost of five or six levels.
If I go with you, I think
it should all work out.
Why would you do
all this for me?
If you promise not to
laugh, I'll tell you.
I won't laugh.
It's because you look
like my little sister...
I'm sorry.
Um, I'm sure this isn't
enough to cover it, but...
No, it's okay.
It's not like this doesn't overlap
with my reason for coming here.
I-I'm Silica.
I'm Kirito.
For the time being,
we'll be working together.
"Floor 35: Mishe"
Hey, there's Silica!
You were pretty late getting back!
We were worried about you!
U-Um...
Let's party up sometime!
We'll take you wherever
you want, okay?
That's very kind of you, but...
I've decided to form a party
with him for a while, so...
Sorry.
Sorry... to cause you trouble.
Are those your fans?
You're popular, huh?
No...
I'm sure they're just asking
me along as a mascot.
Even so... when they began
to call me Dragon Tamer Silica...
I let it go to my head...
There's nothing to worry about.
We'll make it in time.
Right!
Where's your home, Kirito?
On Floor 50.
It's a hassle, so maybe
I'll stay here tonight too.
Really?
The cheesecake is really good here.
Well, if it isn't Silica.
So... You managed to
make it out of the forest!
How nice for you!
Is something wrong?
No, nothing.
Huh?
What happened to that lizard?
Could it be that...
Pina died.
But I'm bringing it back
to life, no matter what!
Meaning that you're planning
to go to the Hill of Memories...
But at your level, will you
be able to clear it?
Sure she will.
It's not that difficult a level.
You're another one who's
been seduced by this girl?
You don't look particularly strong to me.
Let's go.
Why would she say such mean things?
Is Sword Art Online your first MMO?
Yes.
In any online game, players often
go through personality changes.
Some enjoy playing as outright villains.
Our player cursors are green, right?
But if you commit a crime,
your cursor will turn orange.
Among them, player killers...
those who've committed so-called
murders, are known as red players.
Murderers... no way!
In a conventional game, they could've
had fun while role-playing as the bad guy.
But Sword Art Online is different.
This game isn't about having fun.
Kirito...
I'm sorry.
You're a good person, Kirito!
You saved me after all!
Seems like you've
cheered me up instead.
Thanks, Silica.
Hey! Our cheesecake is late!
Excuse me, our dessert
hasn't arrived yet...
If I told him I wanted
to talk a little more,
would he laugh at me?
Silica, are you still up?
K-Kirito?
I forgot to tell you
about floor 47...
Want to go over it tomorrow?
It's fine.
I was just thinking of asking you...
That was close.
Silica, is something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
What's that item, Kirito?
It's called a Mirage Sphere.
It's so pretty!
Here's floor 47's town area.
And over here we have
the Hill of Memories.
So we'll be following this route...
Kirito--
Who's there?
What's going on?
Someone was eavesdropping on us.
B-But unless there's a knock,
you can't hear voices through a door...
It's different if your listening
skill is high enough.
But hardly any people have
raised their level that high.
Why would they want
to eavesdrop on us?
"February 24, 2024"       "Floor 47: Floria"
It's like a dreamland!
This floor is known as
the Flower Garden.
The entire level is covered in flowers.
This place is...
Silica?
Yes!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
What's wrong?
Ah, nothing at all...
Let's go.
Right...
What's this?
If anything unexpected happens,
and I tell you to warp out,
use this crystal to
jump to any town.
But...
Promise me.
All right.
Okay, let's get going.
If we take this path, it will
lead us to the Hill of Memories.
Um, Kirito...
Calm down, Silica!
This one's really weak!
K-Kirito, save me!
Don't look, but save me!
--That's impossible.
--Don't look!
D-Darn you...
Enough is enough!
Did you see anything?
No, nothing.
Kirito, could I ask you
about your sister?
Why now, all of a sudden?
You said I look like her, remember?
I know it's impolite to ask
about the real world.
Do you mind?
I called her my little sister,
but she's actually my cousin.
We grew up together since she was born,
so I'm sure she doesn't know.
Maybe that's why...
I've been distancing myself from her.
Our grandfather's really strict.
When I was eight, he made us
attend a local kendo dojo.
I stopped after two years.
My grandfather sure
beat me up for that.
That's terrible...
My sister defended me by saying that
she'd put in enough effort for both of us,
so stop hitting me.
After that, she really trained hard,
and made it to the nationals.
That's amazing.
But I always felt bad about it.
She may resent me because she had
to give up what she really wanted to do.
So it's possible that I'm helping you because it
feels like a way to make amends to my sister.
I'm sorry.
I don't think that your
sister ever hated you.
No one could work that hard
for something they don't even like.
She must really love kendo!
You've been comforting
me all this time.
Maybe you're right.
I hope so.
Okay... I'm gonna do my best too!
Kirito...
Ow!
This is where the
flower of revival is?
Yeah, if I'm not mistaken...
Go on. Take it.
"Pneuma Flower"
This will bring Pina back to life, right?
Yeah.
I'm so glad...
But there are lots of strong
monsters around here.
Let's revive it after
we get back to town.
I'm sure that Pina would
prefer it that way too.
Yeah.
Kirito?
Whoever's lying in wait
there, show yourself!
R-Rosalia?
If you can see through
my hiding skill,
your detection skill must be
quite high, swordsman.
It appears that your attempts to acquire
the Pneuma Flower were successful.
Congratulations.
Now hand it over immediately.
Wh-What are you talking about?
That's not going to
happen, Rosalia.
Or should I say leader of the
orange guild, Titan's Hand.
But Rosalia is green!
It's a simple trick.
The green members find targets,
and lure them to where the
orange players are lying in wait.
That was one of your comrades
eavesdropping on us last night, right?
Then the reason we were in the
same party for the past two weeks...
That's right. I was assessing
the party's strength,
while waiting for you all to earn
money from adventures.
You were the prey I was
most anticipating.
It was unfortunate that you left,
but then you said you were
getting a rare item.
Still, you knew all that
and went with her anyway?
Are you an idiot?
Or did she really seduce you?
No, neither of those apply.
I've also been searching
for you, Rosalia.
What are you talking about?
Ten days ago, you attacked
a guild called the Silver Flags.
Four people, all but
the leader, were killed.
Oh, you mean those players
with no money...
Their leader was at the warp-point plaza
on the front lines, from morning till night,
tearfully seeking someone
to avenge his party.
But he didn't want you killed...
He asked that you be sent to prison.
Do you have any idea how he felt?
No, not at all.
What kind of idiot would
take this seriously?
There's no proof that killing someone
here means they die in real life.
Anyway, shouldn't you be more
concerned for yourselves?
Kirito, there are too
many of them!
We should run!
It's all right.
Until I tell you to run,
just keep the crystal ready.
Stay put and watch.
Okay.
B-But...
Kirito!
Kirito?
Dressed all in black...
A one-handed, no-shield style.
Don't tell me that's
the Black Swordsman...
Rosalia, this is the beater
who solos the front lines...
He's on an Assault Team!
An Assault Team?
Why would someone from an Assault
Team be all the way down here?
Come on! Just take him out already!
And take everything he owns!
Die!
I've got to save him... Kirito...
What's going on?
You fools... What are
you doing? Just kill him!
About 400, in around 10 seconds...
That's the total damage you
seven can inflict on me.
I'm level 78.
I have 14,500 HP.
My battle-healing skill auto-regenerates
600 points every 10 seconds.
We could stand here all day,
and you'd never beat me.
Is that even possible?
It is.
High enough numbers will
give you a ridiculous advantage...
That's what makes MMOs that
use a level system so unfair.
My client spent his entire fortune
to buy this warp crystal.
It's set to send you to the prison area.
I'm sending every one of you there!
I'm green, so if you hurt me,
you'll go orange...
Just so we're clear, I'm a solo player.
One or two days of playing while
orange mean nothing to me.
Sorry, Silica...
I ended up using you
as bait, more or less.
I thought you'd be scared
if I told you the truth.
You're a good person,
so I would never be scared.
So you're leaving after all?
Yeah, I've been away from the
front lines for five days...
I need to get back right away.
I-It's amazing that you're
on an Assault Team!
I could try for years
and never get that far.
Um... I...
Levels are just numbers.
Strength in this world
is just an illusion.
There are more important
things than that.
Next time, let's meet in the real world.
Then we can be friends,
just like we are now.
Right.
We will! For sure!
Okay, let's revive Pina.
Yeah!
"Pina's Heart"
"Pneuma Flower"
Pina...
I'll talk to you lots and lots, okay?
About my amazing adventure today...
And about the one day in my life
that I had a big brother.
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "Murder in the Safe Zone."